Consul/CE-711: Add explanation to custom snapshot/restore procedures (#2641)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/consul/v1.22.x/content/docs/manage/disaster-recovery/index.mdx

This testing process is typically defined in a _Disaster recovery plan (DRP)_, which is a formal document created by an organization that contains the processes used to recover access to systems and data after a catastrophic event. DRPs typically also include a set of processes for testing and validating disaster recovery procedures and establish a defined process to tackle these events.

> DRPs should also include specific steps that are necessary for the environment at hand. For example, when performing disaster recovery in an environment with a non-trivial amount of CustomResourceDefinitions. In such an environment, the saving or restoring of Consul snapshots may take an extraordinary amount of time because of the sheer number of CRDs being synced from, and later to the Kubernetes cluster. If, when testing the backup procedure, CRD redeployment time turns out to be unacceptably long and you are willing to have a stopgap solution, it may be foresighted to think ahead of a situation where you need to first restore the basic functionality of the Consul cluster without CRDs. This means that the DRP should have a section outlining how to first manually back up the CRDs, then remove them from the cluster, and finally proceed with standard procedure of Consul snapshot taking, environment restore, and Consul snapshot restore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DRPs should also include specific steps that are necessary for the environment at hand. For example, when performing disaster recovery for an environment with a large amount of _CustomResourceDefinitions (CRDs)_. For those environments, saving and restoring Consul snapshots may take longer because of the great number of CRDs being synced by the snapshot. 
When testing the backup procedure, if the backup and restore process is taking too long and you want to have an alternative solution to reduce the procedure's time, you can choose to first restore basic Consul functionalities without CDRs. To do so, add a section in your DPR to
- manually backup the CRDs
- remove CDRs from the Consul cluster
- backup Consul
- restore Consul
- manually restore the CRDs
```

The paragraph was a bit confusing. I suggested a simplified version.
